fix PD-6522 rename uuid to providerResourceId (#123)
cloudconformity/documentation-api: Checks.md

https://us-west-2-api.cloudconformity.com/v1/checks?accountIds=r1gyR4cqg&page[size]=100&page[number]=0&filter[regions]=us-west-2&filter[ruleIds]=EC2-001,EC2-002&filter[statuses]=SUCCESS&filter[categories]=security&filter[riskLevels]=HIGH&filter[services]=EC2&filter[createdDate]=1502572157914
```
Example Response:
###### Note the size of this response can be quite large and the example below is purposefully truncated.

> ###### Currently, "providerResourceId" is only available on checks generated for some AWS rules. This property represents [AWS ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) of the related resource, provided by AWS API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### The check property `providerResourceId` is only returned for a limited amount of AWS rules. This property represents the [AWS ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) of the related resource.
```
